Daniel Clapp
ELEC3225
HW2 Process Models

This project will create a Leopard Web like software to manage students, instructors, and admins, and their classes and class lists.

Waterfall Process
Feasibility study: can it be built with current hardware and software – yes. Is it affordable – yes.
Requirements specification:
•	All users will have the following attributes:
  o	First Name
  o	Last Name
  o	ID
•	Users will have the ability to set each attribute and print all info for the object

There will be three derived classes:
•	Student: Students will have the ability to do the following
  o	Search courses
  o	Add/drop courses
  o	Print schedule
•	Instructor: Instructors will have the ability to do the following
  o	Search courses
  o	Print class list
  o	Print schedule
•	Admin: Admins will have the ability to do the following
  o	Add/remove courses to system
  o	Add/remove users
  o	Add/remove student from a class
  o	Search/print rosters
  o	Search/print courses
  
Requirements validation: These requirements were specified by the customer; therefore, we can assume that they are satisfactory.

AFTER completing this step, move on to the next step


System and Software Design:

•	Architectural Design: database, functions, classes and objects, user interface.

•	Interface Design:
  o	Object information like users, courses, and class groups will be stored in a database. We will write code to link the database information and a graphical interface. 
  o	The GUI will allow users to view information stored in the database in a neat and organized manner.
  
•	Component Design:
  o	Aside from a User, Student, Instructor, and Admin, we will need auxiliary/helper classes like Course, and Class.
  
•	Database design: Tables will include table of students, table of courses, table of instructors, table of admins, links from courses to users.

AFTER completing this step, move on to the next step

Implementation and Unit Testing:
We will write automated test to test our code efficiently. 

AFTER completing this step, move on to the next step

System Testing:
Our code will then be tested as a whole to make sure everything runs smoothly. We can also beta test our code with the potential customer to see if the requirements were met.

AFTER completing this step, move on to the next step

Operation and Maintenance:
•	Once the customer has tested our program. Implement any necessary changes and test again

*** Good detail in requirements section
maybe elaborate on GUI format more
overall similar to mine
Liam Nasr***

#Adam Oehmen Comments
Great layout and description of waterfall method
Great layout of everything needed to complete the task
Maybe add more about the system overview
#



